SPPWGEN
 
    A 'spanish friendly' password generator inspired in pwgen.

    sppwgen generates pseudorandom passwords using an algorithm that creates 
    a syllabic password wich somehow follow the spanish rules. 
    
    The result passwords are easily pronounced and easy to remember for even 
    the duller spanish brains.

    The algorithm can also add some symbolic or numeric salt between the 
    syllabs to gain password strength.


INSTALL
    
    use script directly or install system wide with:
     
      python setup.py install

USAGE

sppwgen [options]

Options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -m LEN, --maxlenght=LEN
                        Lenght of passwords
  -n NUMBER             number of passwords to generate
  -s, --salt            Add intersyllab salt
  --salt-type=SALT_TYPE
                        type of salt from numeric, symbol, both
  --salt-percent=SALT_PERCENT
                        Percent of have a character intersected each syllab
  -l, --leet            post leet filter (p057 1337 {i[73r)
  --leet-percent=LEET_PERCENT
                        percent of have a suitable character
                        leetscripted, note that leet scripted passwords my be
                        longer than max length in raw characters as one normal
                        character can be represented by several others
  -u, --upercase        Percent of get a suitable character uppercased
  --upercase-percent=UPPER_PERCENT
                        Percent of get a suitable character uppercased

MORE HELP ON FEATURES
    
    Password generation. 

    Passwords are composed by syllabs. Syllabs in spanish follow several rules. 
    Must have a vowel, there are only certain allowed starts, most of them a 
    single consonant character. And there's only a few syllab endings. 
    
    Salt

    Salt can add a number or a symbol between syllabs, the simbols are only the
    accesible by the spanish default keyboard layout.

    Upercase

    Generated Passwords are lowcased, using upercase options can control the 
    apperance of upercased ones

    l33t Filter

    Uses a dictionary to perform l33t substitutions. As many substitutions are
    multi character this may break the password lenght.

    100% l33t and password usability

    Using 100% l33t password generation will return passwords which are hard to
    remember and passwords with a reduced character set, so weaker passwords
